README.md, before:

# Servotor Cloud Solutions

## Overview

**Servotor** Is the latest itteration in my attempt to launch my own cloud compute company. I first relized the power of the cloud when I launched my print on demand and my dropshipping websites. I realized that I was making pennies on the dollar selling cheap crap from China, whereas Shopify and therefore Google Cloud where making $30/mo. I came to this rather startling conclusion that you make more money selling shovels than you do gold. I know this sounds like a rather overhyped and dumb observation, but my world was rocked. I started looking at each business trying to figure out who was realy make money, and who was doing it the most profitable, quickest, cleanest, and most efficently. That is when I stumbled upon the cloud. 

## Core Features

- **Products and Services:** I wanted to offer the core solutions that would solve not only my customers problems and needs, but also my own. This is why my main products are Game Servers, Web Servers, VPS', AI, and generic cloud compute. All reasonable pricing, with instant setup and ease of use. In a word simple.
- **Built with Open(ish) Source:** In order to keep costs down and control in my hands and not in the hands of a third party, I selected almost completly open source solutions. The only exception being Virtfusion. This could have been replaced with Proxmox with a Convoy reskinning, but that would not be economical for my business once scaled.
- **Scaling:** My business scales exceptionally quickly due to its reseller like nature. Essentially I purchase/lease servers from cheap cloud providers such as OVH and Hetzner, and then parcel them up and sell them. This allows me to scale up or down with demand as this business seems to be very cyclical.

## Integrations

Selecting integrations and the tech stack for this project was probably the most difficult aspect of launching this business. The whole thing took about 2 weeks of work. Looking at Billing Automation software, Game Panels, Web Panels, VM Panels, domain registrars, frontends, and server providers. In the end I settled with this most recent tech stack.

### Current Integrations

- **Vercel & NextJS:** As I have been trying to learn web dev, typescript, and non object oriented languages, Vercel and NextJS have been incredible to me. They have allowed me to host websites for free (like this one), and make them quickly, securely, and safely. This frontend was made with NextJS and hosted on Vercel. Thank you!
- **Stripe:** Not much to say about Stripe other than the fact (not statement, but fact!) that I will eventually build a platform that will replace them and their incredible fees. Other than that they have a great service, product, etc....
- **Paymenter:** Paymenter was a diamond in the rough for me. For the longest time I was contemplating using ClientExec, WiseCP, Blesta, HostBill, UpMind, or any other billing automation and server deployment platform, but then I found this gem. It is not the cleanest front end or the most incredible back end, but it has everything I need, and for free. It is open source and integrates with every thing I needed to make this business work. CyberPanel, Pterodactyl, OpenWeb, Virtfusion, and so much more. They weren't making me pay per customer, or per node. Instead it was free and maintained by an incredible team. Launching this business would not have been possible (or as easy) with this wonderful project and community.
- **Pterodactyl Game Panel:** A favorite of mine. It is an open source game panel with a hundred plus games supported on it. It allows you to build and manage your server for cheap, while having all of the features of an expensive maintained panel. It also has a lot of communinity support through themes, mods, integrations, and community repos.
- **CyberPanel:** Another favorite web panel of mine is CyberPanel. It is clean, simple, and yet incredible powerful. It is open source and allows you to do everything (almost) that cPanel or WHM or Plesk allowes you to do. The only exception being it is free and open source.
- **Mautic:** A cool open source advertising project. It allows me to track consumers (or potential consumers), user interests, create emails and marketing material. Not sure if it will be all that helpful, but honestly its free and doesn't hurt.
- **OpenWeb UI:** OpenWebUI and Ollama was something that I found when I was scouring the extensions and marketplace for Paymenter. It allows me to host a bunch of AI models on my own server, like a thousand models, then allows me to sell subscriptions to my customer for access to these models. This means one subscription to every model they could ever need. Even more incredible is the fact that it is all open source. A huge win for the AI community as a whole. Thank you devs and project community.
- **Virtualizor:** Is the only non-open source integration so far. They allow me to integrate with Paymenter for the deploying of virtual machines, applications, and bare metal servers. It is truely an awesome platform that I tend to make the fullest use of. The only down side of this platform is that it will cost me $18/mo. Which in the grand scheme of things, is pretty incredible.
- **Google Sheets and Notion:** I have complied all of my research into a Google Sheet, while I am also building and linking my Knowledge Base in Notion. This will make it easier for customers to manage their purcahses and will help them get answers when they get stuck.

### Future Integrations

- **Domain Registrar API:** I will eventually need to write a plugin for Paymenter (I will make it open source as code should be) that will allow for the buying and selling of domains. This will be a feature that I believe would really benefit my customers as then they could do one stop shopping on my site, and have absulte, complete, integration.
- **Open Soruce VPN Provider:** This is another opensource extension I will need to make for Paymenter as I believe selling VPNs would be a really cool feature, and would work really well with our current platform. 

## Next Steps

### Business Development

- Actually launch the business, and stop writing crap down on the README that no one will ever see accept my Mom
- Market and Scale
- Complete the building of the knowledge base
- Become a LLC in Deleware (through Stripe)
- Setup business bank accounts and finances
- Plus more marketing too

### Technical Development

- Finish the frontend
- Connect frontend to Paymenter
- Purchase intial server from Hetzner (once I have funds, I will buy from OVH) and domain from NameCheap (cheap easy domain purchasing)
- Connect CyberPanel, Pterodactyl to Paymenter and their first server
- Setup business emails

### Product Roadmap (Nice, Hopefull Projections)

- Current: Web Server Hosting & Game Server Hosting
- Q1 2025: VPS, Cloud Compute, & Storage
- Q2 2025: AI as a Service
- Q2 2025: Domains & VPNs
- Q3 2025: Buy an F1 Team and win the constructors cup

## Project Features (In no particular order)

- [x] Web Servers (Mautic, Wordpress, Prestashop, Custom) 
- [x] Game Servers (Minecraft, Rust, 7D2D, +100 more)
- [ ] Cloud Compute
- [ ] AI as a Service
- [ ] Cloud Storage
- [ ] VPSs
- [ ] Domains
- [ ] VPNs

## To-Do List

### Technical Tasks

- [ ] Domain Paymenter Extension
- [ ] VPN Paymenter Extension

### Business Tasks

- [ ] Hit 1 Customers
- [ ] Hit 10 Customers
- [ ] Hit 100 Customers
- [ ] Hit 1,000 Customers
- [ ] Hit 10,000 Customers
- [ ] Hit 100,000 Customers
- [ ] Win

### Marketing Tasks

- [ ] Create a Help Center YouTube channel
- [ ] Run Ads on popular media channels (Facebook, Google, Youtube, Amazon, Instagram, etc)

Commit message:

Added Framer Motion into the mix

README.md, after:

# Servotor Cloud Solutions

## Overview

**Servotor** Is the latest itteration in my attempt to launch my own cloud compute company. I first relized the power of the cloud when I launched my print on demand and my dropshipping websites. I realized that I was making pennies on the dollar selling cheap crap from China, whereas Shopify and therefore Google Cloud where making $30/mo. I came to this rather startling conclusion that you make more money selling shovels than you do gold. I know this sounds like a rather overhyped and dumb observation, but my world was rocked. I started looking at each business trying to figure out who was realy make money, and who was doing it the most profitable, quickest, cleanest, and most efficently. That is when I stumbled upon the cloud. 

## Core Features

- **Products and Services:** I wanted to offer the core solutions that would solve not only my customers problems and needs, but also my own. This is why my main products are Game Servers, Web Servers, VPS', AI, and generic cloud compute. All reasonable pricing, with instant setup and ease of use. In a word simple.
- **Built with Open(ish) Source:** In order to keep costs down and control in my hands and not in the hands of a third party, I selected almost completly open source solutions. The only exception being Virtfusion. This could have been replaced with Proxmox with a Convoy reskinning, but that would not be economical for my business once scaled.
- **Scaling:** My business scales exceptionally quickly due to its reseller like nature. Essentially I purchase/lease servers from cheap cloud providers such as OVH and Hetzner, and then parcel them up and sell them. This allows me to scale up or down with demand as this business seems to be very cyclical.

## Integrations

Selecting integrations and the tech stack for this project was probably the most difficult aspect of launching this business. The whole thing took about 2 weeks of work. Looking at Billing Automation software, Game Panels, Web Panels, VM Panels, domain registrars, frontends, and server providers. In the end I settled with this most recent tech stack.

### Current Integrations

- **Vercel & NextJS:** As I have been trying to learn web dev, typescript, and non object oriented languages, Vercel and NextJS have been incredible to me. They have allowed me to host websites for free (like this one), and make them quickly, securely, and safely. This frontend was made with NextJS and hosted on Vercel. Thank you!
- **Stripe:** Not much to say about Stripe other than the fact (not statement, but fact!) that I will eventually build a platform that will replace them and their incredible fees. Other than that they have a great service, product, etc....
- **Paymenter:** Paymenter was a diamond in the rough for me. For the longest time I was contemplating using ClientExec, WiseCP, Blesta, HostBill, UpMind, or any other billing automation and server deployment platform, but then I found this gem. It is not the cleanest front end or the most incredible back end, but it has everything I need, and for free. It is open source and integrates with every thing I needed to make this business work. CyberPanel, Pterodactyl, OpenWeb, Virtfusion, and so much more. They weren't making me pay per customer, or per node. Instead it was free and maintained by an incredible team. Launching this business would not have been possible (or as easy) with this wonderful project and community.
- **Pterodactyl Game Panel:** A favorite of mine. It is an open source game panel with a hundred plus games supported on it. It allows you to build and manage your server for cheap, while having all of the features of an expensive maintained panel. It also has a lot of communinity support through themes, mods, integrations, and community repos.
- **CyberPanel:** Another favorite web panel of mine is CyberPanel. It is clean, simple, and yet incredible powerful. It is open source and allows you to do everything (almost) that cPanel or WHM or Plesk allowes you to do. The only exception being it is free and open source.
- **Mautic:** A cool open source advertising project. It allows me to track consumers (or potential consumers), user interests, create emails and marketing material. Not sure if it will be all that helpful, but honestly its free and doesn't hurt.
- **OpenWeb UI:** OpenWebUI and Ollama was something that I found when I was scouring the extensions and marketplace for Paymenter. It allows me to host a bunch of AI models on my own server, like a thousand models, then allows me to sell subscriptions to my customer for access to these models. This means one subscription to every model they could ever need. Even more incredible is the fact that it is all open source. A huge win for the AI community as a whole. Thank you devs and project community.
- **Virtualizor:** Is the only non-open source integration so far. They allow me to integrate with Paymenter for the deploying of virtual machines, applications, and bare metal servers. It is truely an awesome platform that I tend to make the fullest use of. The only down side of this platform is that it will cost me $18/mo. Which in the grand scheme of things, is pretty incredible.
- **Google Sheets and Notion:** I have complied all of my research into a Google Sheet, while I am also building and linking my Knowledge Base in Notion. This will make it easier for customers to manage their purcahses and will help them get answers when they get stuck.
- **Framer Motion:** I am using Framer Motion for some of the animations and effects show on the website.
- **Google Sheets and Notion:** I have used ChatGPT to help debug and fix things when I do it wrong. I have also used ChatGPT to help me quickly make UIs and UXs, as well as helping me research and get answers to questions.

### Future Integrations

- **Domain Registrar API:** I will eventually need to write a plugin for Paymenter (I will make it open source as code should be) that will allow for the buying and selling of domains. This will be a feature that I believe would really benefit my customers as then they could do one stop shopping on my site, and have absulte, complete, integration.
- **Open Soruce VPN Provider:** This is another opensource extension I will need to make for Paymenter as I believe selling VPNs would be a really cool feature, and would work really well with our current platform. 

## Next Steps

### Business Development

- Actually launch the business, and stop writing crap down on the README that no one will ever see accept my Mom
- Market and Scale
- Complete the building of the knowledge base
- Become a LLC in Deleware (through Stripe)
- Setup business bank accounts and finances
- Plus more marketing too

### Technical Development

- Finish the frontend
- Connect frontend to Paymenter
- Purchase intial server from Hetzner (once I have funds, I will buy from OVH) and domain from NameCheap (cheap easy domain purchasing)
- Connect CyberPanel, Pterodactyl to Paymenter and their first server
- Setup business emails

### Product Roadmap (Nice, Hopefull Projections)

- Current: Web Server Hosting & Game Server Hosting
- Q1 2025: VPS, Cloud Compute, & Storage
- Q2 2025: AI as a Service
- Q2 2025: Domains & VPNs
- Q3 2025: Buy an F1 Team and win the constructors cup

## Project Features (In no particular order)

- [x] Web Servers (Mautic, Wordpress, Prestashop, Custom) 
- [x] Game Servers (Minecraft, Rust, 7D2D, +100 more)
- [ ] Cloud Compute
- [ ] AI as a Service
- [ ] Cloud Storage
- [ ] VPSs
- [ ] Domains
- [ ] VPNs

## To-Do List

### Technical Tasks

- [ ] Domain Paymenter Extension
- [ ] VPN Paymenter Extension

### Business Tasks

- [ ] Hit 1 Customers
- [ ] Hit 10 Customers
- [ ] Hit 100 Customers
- [ ] Hit 1,000 Customers
- [ ] Hit 10,000 Customers
- [ ] Hit 100,000 Customers
- [ ] Win

### Marketing Tasks

- [ ] Create a Help Center YouTube channel
- [ ] Run Ads on popular media channels (Facebook, Google, Youtube, Amazon, Instagram, etc)
